Template refresh (#612)
NCAR/geocat-comp: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## PR Summary

## Related Tickets & Documents
Closes #XXX

## PR Checklist
**General**
- [ ] PR includes a summary of changes
- [ ] Link relevant issues, make one if none exist

> - [ ] Add a brief summary of changes to `docs/release-notes.rst` in a relevant section for the next unreleased release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add a brief summary of changes to `docs/release-notes.rst` in a relevant section for the upcoming release.
```

Author: Oh gosh, thank you. I couldn't come up with better wording

- [ ] Add appropriate labels to this PR
- [ ] PR follows the [Contributor's Guide](https://geocat-comp.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contrib.html)

**Functionality**

> - [ ] Function is in appropriate module file

Reviewer: Does this go in the contributor's guide instead?  

Seems like an obvious thing we'd catch and maybe something folks would want to know sooner.  Maybe there's history here though.

Author: The first two (drafts and pre-commits) are detailed in the contrib guide. Technically, squashing isn't, but I'm also assuming that external or occasional contributors aren't going to be the ones merging, so I've added that part to the bottom "PR etiquette" section.

I agree that people might want to know about this sooner, which is why I was looking at having those cool popups pointing people towards the contrib guide and also maybe telling them to use a fork, but I decided to stop messing around with that and get the PR up. It shouldn't be that difficult, though, should I go ahead and add that?

Author: Nevermind, it's not as straightforward as I thought it would be. I think the thing I was thinking of is something that github pre-populates from community health files. We already have alerts for new contributors that points you towards the contrib guide.

We could also add additional entries to the new issue page like the contrib guide (see [xarray's here](https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/new/choose)), but I'm not sure that's the intended use.

Anyway, uh, I can see both sides here. On one hand, I am mildly annoyed at having all these entries in a PR template that mostly internal contributors are using and I don't think requiring people to take a skim through a contrib guide is unreasonable, but on the other, I do recognize that people may skip that step and we'll want to put some of these items somewhere harder to skip over.

Reviewer: I think either way is fine on the other items you were talking about.

Author: Oh! Haha, well. That does make more sense for the comment you wrote under it.

With respect to the part that apparently only I was talking about, I'm going to leave the changes I made here alone, then 😆 

With the "appropriate module" bit, I believe we were trying to dissuade people from coming in and making their own module if it would fit better in an existing one. Technically, that information is in the contributor's guide, though. I assume this would be pretty easy to move around in a PR review, though. 

I'll go ahead and remove it in the spirit of minimizing the template. We can always iterate on this and add it back if it becomes a reoccurring thing we bring up on PRs.
